Client hints glossary - update with user hints (#10715)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/sec-ch-ua/index.md

---
title: Sec-CH-UA
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Sec-CH-UA
tags:
  - Sec-CH-UA
  - Client hint
  - HTTP
  - HTTP Header
  - Reference
  - Request header
  - Exerimental
browser-compat: http.headers.Sec-CH-UA
---
{{HTTPSidebar}} {{SeeCompatTable}} {{securecontext_header}}

The **`Sec-CH-UA`** [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers#user_agent_client_hints) request header provides the user-agent's branding and significant version information.

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>
        {{Glossary("Request header")}},
        {{Glossary("Client hints","Client hint")}}
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>yes</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

The **`Sec-CH-UA`** header provides the brand and significant version for each brand associated with the browser in a comma-separated list.

A brand is a commercial name for the user agent like: Chromium, Opera, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and Safari.
A user agent might have several associated brands.

> For example, Opera, Chrome and Edge are all based on Chromium, and will provide both brands in the **`Sec-CH-UA`** header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Opera, Chrome, and Edge are all based on Chromium, and will provide both brands in the **`Sec-CH-UA`** header.
```

The _significant version_ is the "marketing" version identifier that is used to distinguish between major releases of the brand.

> For example a Chromium build with _full version number_ "96.0.4664.45" might have significant version number of "96".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example a Chromium build with _full version number_ "96.0.4664.45" has a significant version number of "96".
```

The header therefore allows the server to customise its response based on both shared brands and on particular customisations in their respective versions.

`Sec-CH-UA` is a [low entropy hint](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Client_hints#low_entropy_hints).

> Unless blocked by a user agent permission policy, it is sent by default, without the server having to opt in by sending {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless blocked by a user agent permission policy, it is sent by default, without the server opting in by sending {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}}.
```

> The header may include "fake" brands in any position and with any name in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The header may include "fake" brands in any position and with any name.
```

This is a feature designed to prevent servers from rejecting unknown user agents outright, forcing user agents to lie about their brand identity.

> **Note:** {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List")}} is the same as **`Sec-CH-UA`**, but includes the full version number rather than the signficant version number for each brand.

## Syntax

A comma separated list of brands in the user agent brand list, and their associated significant version number.

> The syntax for a single entry has the following format:

Reviewer: Is there a different syntax for multiple entries? This wording implies an option that it doesn't describe. Please rewrite this.

---
title: Sec-CH-UA
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Sec-CH-UA
tags:
  - Sec-CH-UA
  - Client hint
  - HTTP
  - HTTP Header
  - Reference
  - Request header
  - Exerimental
browser-compat: http.headers.Sec-CH-UA
---
{{HTTPSidebar}} {{SeeCompatTable}} {{securecontext_header}}

The **`Sec-CH-UA`** [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers#user_agent_client_hints) request header provides the user-agent's branding and significant version information.

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>
        {{Glossary("Request header")}},
        {{Glossary("Client hints","Client hint")}}
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>yes</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> The **`Sec-CH-UA`** header provides the brand and significant version for each brand associated with the browser, in a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Sec-CH-UA`** header provides the brand and significant version for each brand associated with the browser in a comma-separated list.
```

A brand is a commercial name for the user agent like: Chromium, Opera, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and Safari.
A user agent might have several associated brands.
For example, Opera, Chrome and Edge are all based on Chromium, and will provide both brands in the **`Sec-CH-UA`** header.

The _significant version_ is the "marketing" version identifier that is used to distinguish between major releases of the brand.
For example a Chromium build with _full version number_ "96.0.4664.45" might have significant version number of "96".

The header therefore allows the server to customise its response based on both shared brands and on particular customisations in their respective versions.

`Sec-CH-UA` is a [low entropy hint](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Client_hints#low_entropy_hints).
Unless blocked by a user agent permission policy, it is sent by default, without the server having to opt in by sending {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}}.

The header may include "fake" brands in any position and with any name in the header.
This is a feature designed to prevent servers from rejecting unknown user agents outright, forcing user agents to lie about their brand identity.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Note:** {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List")}} is the same as **`Sec-CH-UA`**, but includes the full version number rather than the signficant version number for each brand.

## Syntax

A comma separated list of brands in the user agent brand list, and their associated significant version number.

> The syntax for single entry has the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for a single entry has the following format:
```

```http
Sec-CH-UA: "<brand>";v="<significant version>", ...
```

## Directives

- `<brand>`
  - : A brand associated with the user agent, like "Chromium", "Google Chrome", or an intentionally incorrect brand like `"Not A;Brand"`.
- `<significant version>`
  - : The "marketing" version number associated with distinguishable web-exposed features.

## Examples

`Sec-CH-UA` is a [low entropy hint](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Client_hints#low_entropy_hints).

> Unless explicitly blocked by a user agent policy, if support it will be sent in all requests, without the server having to opt in by sending {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless explicitly blocked by a user agent policy, and if supported it will be sent in all requests, without the server having to opt in by sending {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}}.
```
